== Additions
== Iteration 3

== Iteration 2

== Iteration 1
== Jukeboxes
* Jukebox: Allows users to be able to store their various music on the website. To set one up the user needs to buy the jukebox upgrade first. After that they will need to pay in points to create a jukebox. In additon to this the user can setup some music to give the jukebox a bit of flavor. Jukebox content can be restricted to various bookgroups depending on the content that it contains.

* Mainsheet: Is a folder that the user uses to showcase a single song from their jukebox. In order for them to display the music, the sound itself must be reviewed first.

* Subsheet: Allows additional seperation of the mainsheet content, this can be as simple as 8bit, 16bit, or 64bit subsheets. Subsheets have a special trait in that they can be changed into either a favorite folder or sound folder depending on the click of a button. Subsheets can be turned into collaboration centers that allow multiple people to submit sound to this one subsheet. Subsheets allow additional bookgroup restrictions if needed.

* Sound: Are sounds that the user decided to upload to the website, these could be voices or background music. Unlike the jukebox, mainsheet, and subsheet, sounds must be first approved by the Duelingpets staff in order for it to show up to others on the site. Sound allows the user to generate points and is dependent on the price of the day that is set by the dragonhoard.

== User Content
* Colorscheme: Allows the user to stylized the colors of the website to whatever colors they wish. The nightcolor option allows the player to choose whether this colorscheme is for daytime or nighttime use. Activated allows the user to activate the color they created but caution should be taken to ensure that the colorscheme is tested first to ensure that all the buttons are not hidden otherwise they might get stuck in a situation they can't get out of. Colorschemes don't require any review or purchasing to use them. Colorschemes provide the user with points dependent on the price set by the dragonhoard.

* Blog: Allows the user to provide a bit of news or thoughts of what they are thinking at the moment. These could also be used to let users know about pending point commissions that might begin to take place. Mascots are available to the user for free if the user chooses to use them, these are kind of like free advertisements. Banners, largeimages, smallimages, and music can be purchased but transform a blog into an advertisement section. Blogs need to be reviewed first by the Duelingpets staff before they show up to others on the site. Depending on what the user chooses this is one of the few features that can be either a point source or a sink. Blogtypes set the type of blog that the user chooses at the moment. The blog upgrade needs to be bought first before one can create a blog.

* Blogviewer: Provides a way to adjust the type of users who can view the blog itself from only the player to anyone on the site. This maybe adjusted later down the road later to make this more generic. This way other features could make use of this feature.

* Original Character(OC): Allows the user to create their very own characters that they can use in stories, videos, audio adventures, rps, and many more. An oc may contain an image, music, or even a voice to make their characters come alive. OCs need to be reviewed first by the Duelingpets team before they show up to the public. OCs provide the user with points dependent on the price set by the dragonhoard. This is one of the few features that is available at start that doesn't need to be bought, though its quantity is kind of limited.

* Item: Allows the user to create various items that can be used to either heal the pet, feed it, play with it, or provide armor protection. Items require points and dreyores to create them, but user can then sell them for points and potentially emeralds. All items have a durability and once used up they disappear from the inventory. Items must reviewed first before they can be available to the public. Itemtypes determine the type of item the user is using or equiping. Also they set the base price for the item.

* Creature: Allows the user to create various creatures that other users may adopt. The price is dependent on the level and if the user wants to make it purchaseable with emeralds. Creatures can have limited or unlimited lives at the flick of a button. Creatures need to be reviewed first before they are available for others to purchase. Creature type determines wether the creature being created is a pet or a Zethian, as well as the base cost of the creature. Creatures require points and dreyterrium to create them.

== Communications
* Shoutbox: Allows the user to store shouts on their profile with a limited quantity of 600 posts. The shoutbox can be activated or deactivated. When the shoutbox is turned on any user can post on the user's profile directly. When it is deactivated no one can post on the user's profile. Shouts are messages that are sent to the user's profile and must be reviewed by the user first in order for them to show up on the user's profile. Shouts are not displayed to guests for users privacy. Shouts take points out of the economy.

* PMbox: Allows the user to store private messages from other users with a limited quantity of 8000 pms. The pmbox can activated or deactivated based on the user's preference. When it is turned on the user can receive pms from other users and when it is turned off user's won't be able to send them messages. PMs are messages that sent or received between different users and only those in the chain can view that particular pm. PMs may contain music, video or even an image sent with their pm. PMs also keep track of if any pm is currently unread. PMreplies allow the user to reply to a specific pm and send the reply back and forth with the original pm owner. Like the pm, the pmreply can contain music, video or even an image sent with their pmreply.

== User information
* Registration: Allows the user to fill out their information in order to sign up for an account. The account itself can be shared if the player chooses to do so, by marking the shared checkmark. Registrations are looked over by the Duelingpets staff to ensure that this account is not a bot and must undergo manual approval before being converted to a user account. Two parts to keep in mind when registering for the site is that of your login name and virtual name. Your login name is private information that you use to login into your user account and only for that purpose. Anyone who potentially has this along with your password could take over your account and as such it is very important you keep that information to yourself. Your virtual name is how other users identify you on the site and such is okay to give out since it is public info. Accounttypes determine what type of account the player is using whether it be a play or storage account. Play accounts allow the user to upgrade their account to their fullest potential, while a storage account is used just for the storing of points.

* User: Allows the player to explore the website as a whole through logining in. Players can reset their accounts if they have lost their password in two ways, the normal method requires the player to know just their virtual and login name which is a combination of a private and public information which then is sent to their registered email account. The other way is an alternate method that require a virtual and login name plus an email address. This way should only be used in case of emergencies where the user can't access their original email account and not on a daily basis. Userinfo contains the player's avatar, music, nightvision, and time preferences. The user can use this feature to set the website style that they view website through. Bookgroups determines what content the user can view, this ranges from kid friendly content via Peter the Rabbit to more restricted content in Lotr. Users have two bookgroups one for reading and one for writing. The Reading bookgroup determines what you can see and is always less than or equal to your Writing bookgroup setting. The Writing bookgroup setting always goes up overtime and never goes down, this allows you to set bookgroup fields on content while it is being created.

* Pouch: Keeps track of the user's session and the amount of points, emeralds, and dreyore that the user is carrying. In this version level upgrades are stored directly in the pouch for pouchlevels, oclevels, bloglevels, emeraldlevels, and dreyterriumlevels(dreyore).

* Inventory: In this version inventory has not yet been built other then belonging to a user, and can't handle the purchasing of items as the shop category has not been added to items yet. As such this attribute has no use in Iteration 1.

* Difficulty: Determines how hard the game will be for the player, by adjusting the point debt, point loan, emerald debt, and emerald loan attributes. The Hatchling Difficulty is the easiest setting and starts the player off with zero points. The Mothling Difficulty is a bit more challing and starts the player off with -600 points to their name. Additional difficulty settings will be added in later. By default the player starts with 0 points to their name and must build from the ground up.

* Gameinfo: Users can choose whether they want to start with lives turned on or off. When lives are turned off they can't purchase lives and only have one life to go through the game with and once they die they must start from the very beginning. If the have lives turned on they then may have more then one life to go by and can be revived. Aging determines whether the player has a set time limit that their character can last for before they die. Once the player is happy with their setting they can activate their gameinfo and once activated it can't be unset till the player dies or completes the game. Depending on how things turn out the player might succeed or fail and that will be reflected on their character. Currently this setting still needs to go under more development and as such doesn't do anything at this point.

* Userupgrade: In this first iteration all of the userupgrade all attributes for base, inc, cost and max were applied to each attribute individually on one page. This was not very scalable and each time a new attribute needed to be added the entire database had to be wiped and restarted over again. So attributes were like pouchinc, pouchcost, pouchbase, pouchmax, emeraldbase, emeraldinc, emeraldcost, emeraldmax, etc. which was not very good. This was eventually changed in iteration 2 or 3.

== Central Bank
* Dragonhoard: Is the Central Bank for the Duelingpets Website and as such controls the entire virtual pet economy. The dragonhoard has its own music and its dragon avatar that adds a bit of flavor to the site and is run by a npc called Glitchy the Dragon. Any points that the dragonhoard earns through its taxes get stored as profit and once collected get added to the treasury. The dragonhoard treasury controls the economy of the game by increasing and decreasing the sources through out the site as well as the various sinks and taxes. The dragonhoard creates emeralds that the user can purchase in exchange for points that they have. Contest points are special points that are created from the treasury that Glitchy the Dragon can hand out for raffles and other events. In Iteration 1 all attribute fields that could be priced were stored directly on the dragonhoard which made things not very scalable as newly added features required the database to be cleared and then reloaded. This was eventually changed in iteration 2 or 3. The dragonhoard does not print out money and is reliant on the players themselves to make purchases.

* Economy: Keeps track of the points flowing in and out of the economy. Econtype determines whether we are looking at a sink, source, or a tax transaction. Contenttype determines what attribute the economy transaction is coming from be it blog, colorscheme or others. Amount determines the value in points that is being taken in or out of the system.

== Webcontrols
* Webcontrol: Manages the Duelingpets website systems which includes opening and closing the registration booth. In addition to this the admin can change the music, mascot, banner and favicon images. Blacklisted names are names that the Duelingpets staff found to be bots during the registration process and are used to filter out other bots if they try to come back. Blacklisted domains are domains that the Duelingpets staff found to be bots during the registration process. The filter can be applied on a global domain level regardless of what the name part of the domain was or it can be specific to just that email address. Maintenancemode allows the Admin and Mods to shut down specific parts of the website to perform routine maintenance. Once fixed the page can be returned to normal operation but while it is down the user will be sent to a maintenance page to inform the user that the page is down. Artpages are used to apply a mascot with a message to a particular page. This is used to give the website a bit of flair.

* Suspendedtimelimit: Allows the Admin and Mods to meet out fines to users that misbehave and ban them for a period of time. Depending on the severity of the rule break users may be fined a set of points and potentially emeralds that will be removed from their account. While the user is banned they will be unable to login to their account. Users will be given a reason of why they were banned and who applied the ban so they can discuss their case with the Duelingpets staff. There are no permabans from the site as all are set to expire after a set period of time.
